[Docs] Airframe param reset on update (#24964)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/dev_airframes/adding_a_new_frame.md

New frame configuration files are only automatically added to the build system after a clean build (run `make clean`).
:::

## Force Reset of Airframe Parameters on Update

> Sometimes airframe or PX4 changes are such that "system parameters" need to be reset when the airframe configuration is first loaded.
> 
> This can be done by setting the value of `PARAM_DEFAULTS_VER` in your airframe configuration to a number greater than the default version number set in [ROMFS/px4fmu_common/init.d/rcS](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/ROMFS/px4fmu_common/init.d/rcS#L40) (currently `1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force a reset to the airframe defaults for all users of a specific airframe during update, increase the `PARAM_DEFAULTS_VER` variable in the airframe configuration. It starts at 1 in [rcS](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/ROMFS/px4fmu_common/init.d/rcS#L40). Add `set PARAM_DEFAULTS_VER 2` in your airframe file, increasing the value with each future reset needed.
```

For example, at time of writing you would add the current line to your airframe file:

```sh
set PARAM_DEFAULTS_VER 2
```

> This number is compared to the value in the (internal) [SYS_PARAM_VER](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SYS_PARAM_VER) parameter when the airframe is updated, and if it is different the "system parameters" are all reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value is compared to [SYS_PARAM_VER](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SYS_PARAM_VER) during PX4 updates, if different, user-customized parameters are reset to defaults.
```
